How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

	The "diff" command compares each line in a particular code to the same corresponding line the second code. Using this we can figure ot the differences and thus the bug that was introduced.
    

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I can make some changes in the later drafts which may effect a part of the output working well earlier. so, with the complet history of the file we can locate and correct such bugs.I can also make changes in a working programme without fear and try out new things.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

	The autosave option doesn't give us the choice of creating a new saved file so as to compare to the newer versions of the code. This creates a problem because there is a possibility that we may not be having a working code at some point of time to locate a correct bugs.
   

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

   
    When files are interdependent, as they often are in code, changing multiple
    files in each commit makes sense.  A single logical change may touch more
    than one file, and it would be nice to group the entire change into one
    commit.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git log helps us gain access to all the commits of the saved file.We can use this to get a quick overview of the chages that have been made.
    The git diff command can be used to compare to files and correct any errors , doing ths manualy would have been a tedious task.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Because of version control I can freely make changes to my code as i always have the option of using the diff comand to copare a broken file to a previously working one ,that i would have saved, and then correcting the bugs.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

   I am plannig to write a code for a game . A game usualy has lots of lines of code and version cotrol will help me correct some bugs.


